gitsync is a Bash script for maintaining sets of git repositories on
multiple devices.  An example use case would be keeping a work
computer and home computer synchronized via an external hard drive, USB
thumb drive, etc.

gitsync is in the public domain, use it for whatever.

**************************************************

Rationale of use
--------------------------------------------------

Say you have a set of projects you work on regularly, but on different
computers.  You then have various external storage devices that you
use to keep the most up-to-date code for these projects.

gitsync allows you to place a .gitsync file at the top of the device
directory containing the paths to the individual code repositories on
both the external storage and some other path (typically the code repo
on the computer hdd).

You then run gitsync <device-path> and the device is mounted (assuming
you have your fstab configured) and all projects are synchronized.
You can give gitsync more than one path if you have more than one
device to synchronize.  Note that if you do have more than one
external device and the devices are more than a single commit out of
sync then you will have to run gitsync twice to have all changes
propogate through all storage devices (may fix this in the future, the
computer hdd repo is treated as the master copy so you have to make
two passes to completely sync).

If a repository in the .gitsync file exists at one of the two
locations listed in the file but not another, the repository is cloned
to the missing location and the required branches are checked out,
creating missing directories as needed as well.  This makes it
convenient to e.g. copy a whole set of git repositories to a new
backup drive by simple copying the .gitsync file and possibly
modifying the paths in the file if the mount location(s) changed.

Example use case: Suppose you have user "user" with these repositories
that need backing up to an external drive:

/home/user/src/stuff
/home/user/src/personal/morestuff

You want these to be backed up to a device that will be mounted at

/media/thumb

in the following locations:

/media/thumb/src/stuff
/media/thumb/src/personal/morestuff

You would then create a file /media/thumb/.gitsync with these
contents:

"/media/thumb/src/stuff" "/home/user/src/stuff"
"/media/thumb/src/personal/morestuff" "/home/user/src/personal/morestuff"

If you need to backup multiple branches, e.g.

/home/user/src/stuff: master, testing

then you could have the following .gitsync file:

"/media/thumb/src/stuff" "/home/user/src/stuff" ("master" "testing")
"/media/thumb/src/personal/morestuff" "/home/user/src/personal/morestuff"

Since repositories are automatically cloned, the final step to setup
the archive after mounting and creating the above .gitsync file would
be to run gitsync.lisp as follows:

gitsync.lisp /media/thumb

and the repositories would be cloned to the listed locations under
/media/thumb so long as write permissions are present.

To synchronize the repositories later, run gitsync.lisp the same way
after mounting:

gitsync.lisp /media/thumb
